>> Mike North: The second pattern
that I wanna talk about, and
this isn't a choice between App Shell and
this other pattern.
But it works well in terms of figuring out
how we set up our different resources.
This is called PRPL and
again coined by Google Developer Advocate,
think this was Addy that coined this one.
And it's just an acronym that
represents four steps here,
the first is to push the critical
resources for that URL to the browser.
And this is where code splitting,
route splitting, and
HTTP push is really important.
We have critical CSS,
critical JavaScript for that URL.
let's get that over the wire as
quickly as we can in parallel and
have that page render as soon as possible.
And at that point we can
render that initial route.
So then we can, in the background,
pre-cache any remaining route.
So this is where you would go and
in the background download
additional fragments of your application
so they're available instantly.
That would be kind of the like the
pre-caching that we've already been doing.
Where we used that asset manifest.
And then finally we'll lazy-load
the remaining routes when they're ready.
And you wanna defer actually
evaluating the script because there
is some cost for
taking text JavaScript files.
And turning them into executable code.
There's no need to pay that cost until
you're ready to actually use them.
And so you can kinda keep them in
the cache, from the cache API and
they're is sorta inert there,
it's just text.
And then as you need them,
you can send a request for
them in your service or
send it back to the application.
And at that point it becomes code,
it's evaluated and you can use it.
So these are the two goals of PRPL.
We're trying to minimize the
time-to-interactive by shrinking the code
that we send to the browser for
a given URL.
It's shrinking the CSS so we're not
sending all of Twitter Bootstrap along.
And we also wanna maximize our
caching efficiency by trying
to ensure that we have
the most critical stuff first.
So that if the user visits a page and
switches to another one.
Like you have VIZ first and
then you can worry about images in
other less prioritized resources later.